User guide for Istio DNS certificates (#5152)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/tasks/security/dns-cert/index.md

> ---

Reviewer: Should this be under the new `citadel-config` sub-folder? https://preliminary.istio.io/docs/tasks/security/citadel-config/
If this replaces Citadel, I think we could say this is "configuring Citadel to be disabled", so it belongs in the sub-folder.

Author: This feature is orthogonal to Citadel; Citadel can exist as is, e.g., signing workload certificates, etc.

Reviewer: In that case I guess it belongs where you have it. That it's unrelated to Citadel deployment, however, is not clear from the text. You list its advantage as being light weight, compared to Citadel, but that's irrelevant if you need to deploy Citadel as well anyway. So this is only used for the webhooks, while Citadel continues to provide certificates for workloads? You should explain this a little more clearly in the overview.

Author: There are users that do not use Citadel but their own CA to sign workload certificates. For such users, they can use Chiron, instead of Citadel, to provision DNS certificates for their control plane components, which is more lightweight than Citadel.

Author: Added an explanation that this is to provision and manage DNS certificates for Istio control
plane components.

Reviewer 2: This raises the architectural question about whether Citadel needs to support provisioning DNS certs at all. If Chiron is there, why not always use that and remove that functionality from Citadel?

Author: That is the plan. This feature is alpha, so the current default behavior remains unchanged. After this feature graduates as beta, it will become the default and the corresponding functionality will be removed from Citadel.

title: Istio DNS Certificate Management
description: Shows how to provision and manage DNS certificates in Istio.
weight: 90
keywords: [security,certificate]
---

{{< boilerplate experimental-feature-warning >}}

By default, the DNS certificates used by the webhooks of Galley and the sidecar
injector are provisioned and managed by Citadel, which is a large component
that maintains its own signing key and also acts as a CA for Istio.

> This task shows how to provision and manage DNS certificates for Istio control

Reviewer 2: Add a blank line, followed by:

In certain deployments, you may want to use your own certificate authority instead of Citadel. In those cases, Citadel ends up being used strictly for its DNS certificate provisioning functionality. Rather than having to deploy Citadel at all in this case, you can instead leverage Chiron, a lightweight component that signs certificates using the Kubernetes CA APIs without maintaining its own private key.

Author: Done.

plane components through Chiron: a lightweight component that signs certificates
using Kubernetes CA APIs without maintaining its own private key.
Using this feature has the following advantages:

> * No dependency on Citadel for DNS certificates and is more lightweight than Citadel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* More lightweight than Citadel.
```

Author: Done.

* Unlike Citadel, this feature doesn't require maintaining a private signing key, which enhances security.

* Simplified root certificate distribution to TLS clients. Clients no longer need to wait for Citadel to generate and distribute its CA certificate.

## Before you begin

> * Install Istio through `istioctl` with DNS certificates configured. This feature requires Istio 1.4+ and

Reviewer 2: This doc set is for 1.4, so no need to mention the version requirement.

Author: Done.

the configuration is read when Pilot starts.

{{< text bash >}}
$ cat <<EOF | istioctl manifest apply -f -
apiVersion: install.istio.io/v1alpha2
kind: IstioControlPlane
spec:
  values:
    global:
      certificates:
        - secretName: dns.istio-galley-service-account
          dnsNames: [istio-galley.istio-system.svc, istio-galley.istio-system]
        - secretName: dns.istio-sidecar-injector-service-account
          dnsNames: [istio-sidecar-injector.istio-system.svc, istio-sidecar-injector.istio-system]
EOF
{{< /text >}}

* Install [`jq`](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/) for validating the results from running the task.

## DNS certificate provisioning and management

> Istio can provision the DNS names and secret names for the DNS certificates based on a configuration you provide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Istio provisions the DNS names and secret names for the DNS certificates based on configuration you provide.
```

Author: Done.

The DNS certificates provisioned are signed by the Kubernetes CA and stored in the secrets following your configuration.
Istio also manages the lifecycle of the DNS certificates, including their rotations and regenerations.

## Configure DNS certificates

The [`values-istio-dns-cert.yaml`]({{< github_file >}}/install/kubernetes/helm/istio/example-values/values-istio-dns-cert.yaml)
YAML file contains an example DNS certificate configuration. Within, the `dnsNames` field specifies the DNS
names in a certificate and the `secretName` field specifies the name of the Kubernetes secret used to
store the certificate and the key.

> ## Check the provision of DNS certificates

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Check the provisioning of DNS certificates
```

Author: Done.

> After configuring Istio to generate DNS certificates and store them in secrets

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After configuring Istio to generate DNS certificates and storing them in secrets
```

Author: Done.

> of our choosing, we verify that the certificates were provisioned and work properly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of your choosing, you can verify that the certificates were provisioned and work properly.
```

Author: Done.

To check that Istio generated the `dns.istio-galley-service-account` DNS certificate as configured in the example,

> and that the certificate contains the configured DNS names, we need to get the secret from Kubernetes, parse it,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and that the certificate contains the configured DNS names, you need to get the secret from Kubernetes, parse it,
```

Author: Done.

decode it, and view its text output with the following command:

{{< text bash >}}
$ kubectl get secret dns.istio-galley-service-account -n istio-system -o json | jq -r '.data["cert-chain.pem"]' | base64 --decode | openssl x509 -in - -text -noout
{{< /text >}}

The text output should include:

{{< text plain >}}
X509v3 Subject Alternative Name:
  DNS:istio-galley.istio-system.svc, DNS:istio-galley.istio-system
{{< /text >}}

> ## Regenerate a DNS certificate

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Regenerating a DNS certificate
```

Author: Done.

---
title: Istio DNS Certificate Management
description: Shows how to provision and manage DNS certificates in Istio.
weight: 90
keywords: [security,certificate]
---

{{< boilerplate experimental-feature-warning >}}

By default, the DNS certificates used by the webhooks of Galley and the sidecar
injector are provisioned and managed by Citadel, which is a large component
that maintains its own signing key and also acts as a CA for Istio.
This task shows how to provision and manage DNS certificates in Istio through
Chiron: a lightweight component that signs certificates
using Kubernetes CA APIs without maintaining its own private key.

## Before you begin

> * Install Istio through `istioctl` with DNS certificates configured.

Reviewer 2: Does enabling this feature require a reinstall of Istio? Perhaps a note would be appropriate then?

Author: Done: added a note.

              dnsNames: [istio-galley.istio-system.svc, istio-galley.istio-system]
            - secretName: dns.istio-sidecar-injector-service-account
              dnsNames: [istio-sidecar-injector.istio-system.svc, istio-sidecar-injector.istio-system]
    EOF
    {{< /text >}}

* Install [`jq`](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/) for JSON parsing.

## DNS certificate provisioning and management

Istio can provision the DNS names and secret names for the DNS certificates based on a configuration you provide.
The DNS certificates provisioned are signed by the Kubernetes CA and stored in the secrets following your configuration.
Istio also manages the lifecycle of the DNS certificates, including their rotations and regenerations.

## Configure DNS certificates

The [`values-istio-dns-cert.yaml`]({{< github_file >}}/install/kubernetes/helm/istio/example-values/values-istio-dns-cert.yaml)
YAML file contains an example DNS certificate configuration. Within, the `dnsNames` field specifies the DNS
names in a certificate and the `secretName` field specifies the name of the Kubernetes secret used to
store the certificate and the key.

## Check the provision of DNS certificates

> Previously, we learned how to configure Istio to generate DNS certificates and store them in secrets

Reviewer 2: Previously? On a different page? If so, this should be a link and not use the word "Previously", users aren't linearly reading our docs.

Author: Done: revised.

of our choosing. Next, we have to verify that the certificates were provisioned and work properly.

To check that Istio generated the `dns.istio-galley-service-account` DNS certificate as configured in the example,
and that the certificate contains the configured DNS names, we need to get the secret from Kubernetes, parse it,
decode it, and view its text output with the following command:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl get secret dns.istio-galley-service-account -n istio-system -o json | jq -r '.data["cert-chain.pem"]' | base64 --decode | openssl x509 -in - -text -noout
    {{< /text >}}

The text output should include:

>     {{< text plain >}}

Reviewer 2: Remove indent of this block.

Author: Done: indent removed.

    X509v3 Subject Alternative Name:
      DNS:istio-galley.istio-system.svc, DNS:istio-galley.istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

## Regenerate a DNS certificate

Istio can also regenerate DNS certificates that were mistakenly deleted. Next,

> we delete a certificate we recently configured and verify that Istio regenerates it automatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
we show how you can delete a recently configured certificate and verify Istio regenerates it automatically.
```

Author: Done.

1.  Delete the secret storing the DNS certificate configured earlier:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl delete secret dns.istio-galley-service-account -n istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

1.  To check that Istio regenerated the deleted DNS certificate, and that the certificate

> contains the configured DNS names, we need to get the secret from Kubernetes, parse it, decode it,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
contains the configured DNS names, you need to get the secret from Kubernetes, parse it, decode it,
```

Author: Done.

and view its text output with the following command:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl get secret dns.istio-galley-service-account -n istio-system -o json | jq -r '.data["cert-chain.pem"]' | base64 --decode | openssl x509 -in - -text -noout
    {{< /text >}}

The output should include:

    {{< text plain >}}
    X509v3 Subject Alternative Name:
      DNS:istio-galley.istio-system.svc, DNS:istio-galley.istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

> ## Congratulations

Reviewer 2: This is not a contest, let's just remove this whole section.

Author: Done.

You successfully configured Istio to manage DNS certificates.

## Cleanup

> After completing this tutorial, you may delete the testing cluster created

Reviewer 2: No cluster was created above.

Author: Removed this section.

> at the beginning of this tutorial.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
at the beginning of this task.
```

Author: This seciton is removed.

## Before you begin

* Install Istio through `istioctl` with DNS certificates configured.
The configuration is read when Pilot starts.

{{< text bash >}}
$ cat <<EOF | istioctl manifest apply -f -
apiVersion: install.istio.io/v1alpha2
kind: IstioControlPlane
spec:
  values:
    global:
      certificates:
        - secretName: dns.istio-galley-service-account
          dnsNames: [istio-galley.istio-system.svc, istio-galley.istio-system]
        - secretName: dns.istio-sidecar-injector-service-account
          dnsNames: [istio-sidecar-injector.istio-system.svc, istio-sidecar-injector.istio-system]
EOF
{{< /text >}}

* Install [`jq`](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/) for validating the results from running the task.

## DNS certificate provisioning and management

Istio provisions the DNS names and secret names for the DNS certificates based on configuration you provide.
The DNS certificates provisioned are signed by the Kubernetes CA and stored in the secrets following your configuration.
Istio also manages the lifecycle of the DNS certificates, including their rotations and regenerations.

## Configure DNS certificates

> The [`values-istio-dns-cert.yaml`]({{< github_file >}}/install/kubernetes/helm/istio/example-values/values-istio-dns-cert.yaml)

Reviewer: This is strange. The `values-istio-dns-cert.yaml` file doesn't seem to have anything to do with this task. Shouldn't it be referring to the `IstioControlPlane` CR above?
```suggestion
The `IstioControlPlane` custom resource used to configure Istio in the `istioctl manifest apply` command, above,
```

Author: Revised accordingly.

> YAML file contains an example DNS certificate configuration. Within, the `dnsNames` field specifies the DNS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contains an example DNS certificate configuration. Within, the `dnsNames` field specifies the DNS
```

Author: Revised accordingly.

---
title: Istio DNS Certificate Management
description: Shows how to provision and manage DNS certificates in Istio.
weight: 10
keywords: [security,certificate]
---

> {{< warning >}}

Reviewer 2: Please use the boilerplate for this warning instead.

Author: This warning is copied from the experimental feature boilderplate at content/en/boilerplates/experimental-feature-warning.md.

Reviewer 2: What I mean is to use the boiletplate command:

{{< boilerplate "experimental-feature-warning" >}}

Author: Done, thanks!

The following information describes an experimental feature, which is intended
for evaluation purposes only.
{{< /warning >}}

> This task shows how to provision and manage DNS certificates in Istio.

Reviewer 3: Can you explain why a user would want to do this? This seems more like an implementation detail to me than a task?

Author: Done: added the explanation.

---
title: Istio DNS Certificate Management
description: Shows how to provision and manage DNS certificates in Istio.
weight: 10
keywords: [security,certificate]
---

{{< boilerplate experimental-feature-warning >}}

In existing Istio implementation, the DNS certificates of Galley and Sidecar
Injector are provisioned and managed by Citadel, which is a large component
that manages its own signing key and also acts as a CA for Istio.
This task shows how to provision and manage DNS certificates in Istio through
a lightweight component (called Chiron) linked in Pilot that provisions and manages
DNS certificates through APIs of Kubernetes CA.

## Before you begin

> * Create a new Kubernetes cluster to run the example in this tutorial.

Author: Done.

The DNS certificates in this task are signed by Kubernetes CA so it requires
a Kubernetes cluster.

## DNS certificate provision and management

At high level, a user configures the DNS names and secret names for the DNS certificates
to be provisioned by Istio. Based on the user configuration, Istio provisions DNS certificates
signed by Kubernetes CA and stores them in the secrets as configured by the user. Istio
also manages the lifecycle of the DNS certificates (e.g., rotation and regeneration).

## Configure DNS certificates and install Istio

1.  The yaml file [`values-istio-dns-cert.yaml`]({{< github_file >}}/install/kubernetes/helm/istio/example-values/values-istio-dns-cert.yaml)
    contains an example DNS certificate configuration. Install Istio with the DNS certificate configuration
    using [Helm](/docs/setup/install/helm/#prerequisites):

>     {{< text bash >}}

Author: Done.

>     {{< text bash >}}

Reviewer 2: Still looks indented...

---
title: Istio DNS Certificate Management
description: Shows how to provision and manage DNS certificates in Istio.

> weight: 10

Reviewer 4: Suggest you set to weight to 90.

Author: Done.

keywords: [security,certificate]
---

{{< boilerplate experimental-feature-warning >}}

> In existing Istio implementation, the DNS certificates of Galley and Sidecar

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
By default, the DNS certificates of Galley and Sidecar
```

Author: Done.

Injector are provisioned and managed by Citadel, which is a large component
that maintains its own signing key and also acts as a CA for Istio.
This task shows how to provision and manage DNS certificates in Istio through
a lightweight component (called Chiron), which signs certificates

> at Kubernetes CA without maintaining its own private key.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
using the Kubernetes CA without maintaining its own private key.
```

Author: Done.

## Before you begin

* Create a Kubernetes cluster with Istio installed and the DNS certificate configuration

> in [`values-istio-dns-cert.yaml`]({{< github_file >}}/install/kubernetes/helm/istio/example-values/values-istio-dns-cert.yaml).

Reviewer 4: I don't know how to apply the values-istio-dns-cert.yaml. Can you put the installation instructions here if it's not described in /docs/setup/install?

Reviewer 4: Or whatever instruction that can help me to understand how to apply the values-istio-dns-cert.yaml file :)

Reviewer 4: I think it's hard to follow from a user's perspective. I'm not seeing a clear instruction around using "--values" to apply custom yaml files.
@rcaballeromx Hi Rigs, shall we add a tab in 
https://preliminary.istio.io/docs/setup/install/helm/#option-1-install-with-helm-via-helm-template
for applying custom yaml files in helm? Otherwise I think our users will have difficulties applying the values-istio-dns-cert.yaml to helm. WDYT?

Reviewer 4: In the installation page, can we add a tab called "custom helm", and have:
```
$ helm template install/kubernetes/helm/istio --name istio --namespace istio-system \
    --values ${CUSTOM_HELM} | kubectl apply -f -
```
and we can ask user to set the following here:
```
CUSTOM_HELM=/install/kubernetes/helm/istio/example-values/values-istio-dns-cert.yaml
```
and point them to the "custom helm" tab?

Author: Followed the same approach of Istio CNI: added a "DNS certificates" tab and refer to the tab in the user guide. @rcaballeromx, @rlenglet, @myidpt, please take a look.

Reviewer 4: Thanks Lei. That works, although I preferred to add a tab of "custom helm" to cover all these use cases.

Istio installation guides can be found [here](/docs/setup/install).

> * Install [`jq`](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/) for json parsing.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* Install [`jq`](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/) for JSON parsing.
```

Author: Done.

> ## DNS certificate provision and management

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
## DNS certificate provisioning and management
```

Author: Done.

> You can configure the DNS names and secret names for the DNS certificates

Reviewer 4: In what cases does the user configure the DNS names and secret names? If it's not needed in the default use cases, maybe we should put this section and the "Configure DNS certificates" section to the end?

Author: This is explained in the beginning of the guide as follows:
By default, the DNS certificates of Galley and Sidecar
Injector are provisioned and managed by Citadel, which is a large component
that maintains its own signing key and also acts as a CA for Istio.
This task shows how to provision and manage DNS certificates in Istio through
a lightweight component (called Chiron), which signs certificates
using Kubernetes CA APIs without maintaining its own private key.

> At high level, a user configures the DNS names and secret names for the DNS certificates

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
You can configure the DNS names and secret names for the DNS certificates
```

Author: Done.

to be provisioned by Istio. Based on the user configuration, Istio provisions DNS certificates
signed by Kubernetes CA and stores them in the secrets as configured by the user. The

> Chiron component of Istio also manages the lifecycle of the DNS certificates (e.g., rotation and regeneration).

Reviewer 5: No need to refer to Chiron. This is an implementation detail.
```suggestion
Istio also manages the lifecycle of the DNS certificates, incl. their rotation and regeneration.
```

Author: Done.

## Configure DNS certificates

> The yaml file [`values-istio-dns-cert.yaml`]({{< github_file >}}/install/kubernetes/helm/istio/example-values/values-istio-dns-cert.yaml)

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	The YAML file [`values-istio-dns-cert.yaml`]({{< github_file >}}/install/kubernetes/helm/istio/example-values/values-istio-dns-cert.yaml)
```

contains an example DNS certificate configuration, in which `dnsNames` specifies the DNS
names in a certificate and `secretName` specifies the name of the Kubernetes secret to
store the certificate and the key.

## Check DNS certificate provisioning

The DNS certificates generated are stored in the secrets specified in the configuration.

> 1.  Check that a DNS certificate (e.g., `dns.istio-galley-service-account`) in the example configuration

Reviewer 5: No need for a numbered list for a single item.

Author: Done.

has been generated and contains the DNS names in the configuration:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl get secret dns.istio-galley-service-account -n istio-system -o json | jq -r '.data["cert-chain.pem"]' | base64 --decode | openssl x509 -in - -text -noout
    {{< /text >}}

The output from the above command should include:

    {{< text plain >}}
    X509v3 Subject Alternative Name:
      DNS:istio-galley.istio-system.svc, DNS:istio-galley.istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

## Check DNS certificate regeneration

> Istio not only provisions a DNS certificate but also manages the lifecycle of the certificate,

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Istio not only provisions DNS certificates but also manages the lifecycles of the generated certificates,
```

Author: Done.

> Chiron not only provisions a DNS certificate but also manages the lifecycle of the certificate,

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Istio not only provisions a DNS certificate but also manages the lifecycle of the certificate,
```

Author: Done.

> e.g., regenerating a certificate mistakenly deleted.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
e.g., regenerating a certificate that is mistakenly deleted.
```

Reviewer 4: Add:
In this section, we check that after the certificate for Galley is deleted, it can be automatically regenerated.

Author: Done.

---
title: Istio DNS Certificate Management
description: Shows how to provision and manage DNS certificates in Istio.
weight: 90
keywords: [security,certificate]
---

{{< boilerplate experimental-feature-warning >}}

> By default, the DNS certificates of Galley and Sidecar

Author: Revised the writing for answering the questions.
Why do I need DNS certificates in my Istio deployment?
Answer: Galley and the sidecar injector uses DNS certificates in their webhooks.
What problem do DNS certificates solve for Istio deployments?
Answer: provide DNS certificates for Galley and the sidecar injector.
Where can I learn more about DNS certificates?
Answer: the users trying this guide are assumed to know certificates and can search documents related to DNS certificates.
When do I need to enable DNS certificates for my Istio deployments?
Answer: when deploying Istio, as the guide.
What is different about using DNS certificates compared to other more traditional and well-established scenarios and technologies?
Answer: this is part of the question "Where can I learn more about DNS certificates?" and is out of the scope of the guide.

Injector are provisioned and managed by Citadel, which is a large component
that maintains its own signing key and also acts as a CA for Istio.

> This task shows how to provision and manage DNS certificates in Istio through

Author: Revised accordingly.

> a lightweight component (called Chiron), which signs certificates

Author: Revised accordingly.

> using Kubernetes CA APIs without maintaining its own private key.

Author: Revised accordingly.

> using Kubernetes CA APIs without maintaining its own private key.

Reviewer 2: Could you provide an explanation of why I would want to do this? Why do I care?

Is it intended to support cases where a customer doesn't want to run Citadel? Or is it more secure than Citadel?

## Before you begin

* Create a Kubernetes cluster with Istio installed and the DNS certificate configuration
in [`values-istio-dns-cert.yaml`]({{< github_file >}}/install/kubernetes/helm/istio/example-values/values-istio-dns-cert.yaml).
Refer to the [Customizable Install with Helm](/docs/setup/install/helm/#dnscerts) for complete instructions.

> * Install [`jq`](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/) for JSON parsing.

Author: Parsing JSON is commonly used in the guides of istio.io, e.g., docs/ops/security/keys-and-certs/index.md, blog/2018/incremental-traffic-management/index.md.
I am not sure there is an easier way to check the certificate than parsing the JSON.

> * Install [`jq`](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/) for JSON parsing.

Reviewer 2: Instaling this tool is strictly for the purpose of validating the setup, right? Then lets tell this to the reader.

## DNS certificate provisioning and management

You can configure the DNS names and secret names for the DNS certificates

> to be provisioned by Istio. Based on the user configuration, Istio provisions DNS certificates

Author: Revised accordingly.

> signed by Kubernetes CA and stores them in the secrets as configured by the user.

Author: Revised accordingly.

Istio also manages the lifecycle of the DNS certificates, including their rotations and regenerations.

## Configure DNS certificates

> The YAML file [`values-istio-dns-cert.yaml`]({{< github_file >}}/install/kubernetes/helm/istio/example-values/values-istio-dns-cert.yaml)

Author: Revised accordingly.

> contains an example DNS certificate configuration, in which `dnsNames` specifies the DNS

Author: Revised accordingly.

> names in a certificate and `secretName` specifies the name of the Kubernetes secret to

Author: Revised accordingly.

store the certificate and the key.

> ## Check DNS certificate provisioning

Author: Revised accordingly.

> The DNS certificates generated are stored in the secrets specified in the configuration.

Author: Revised accordingly.

> Check that a DNS certificate (e.g., `dns.istio-galley-service-account`) in the example configuration

Author: Revised accordingly.

> has been generated and contains the DNS names in the configuration:

Author: Revised accordingly.

    {{< text bash >}}

>     $ kubectl get secret dns.istio-galley-service-account -n istio-system -o json | jq -r '.data["cert-chain.pem"]' | base64 --decode | openssl x509 -in - -text -noout

Author: The suggested 4 commands won't work. The pipe operation is commonly used in shell command. The command in the guide needs the pipe operation to pass the output from one command to another.

    {{< /text >}}

> The output from the above command should include:

Author: Revised accordingly.

    {{< text plain >}}
    X509v3 Subject Alternative Name:
      DNS:istio-galley.istio-system.svc, DNS:istio-galley.istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

> ## Check DNS certificate regeneration

Author: Revised accordingly.

> Istio not only provisions DNS certificates but also manages the lifecycle of the certificates generated,

Author: Revised accordingly.

> e.g., regenerating a certificate that is mistakenly deleted.

Author: Revised accordingly.

> In this section, we check that after the certificate for Galley is deleted,

Reviewer 6: I see you are actually deleting the secret for the service account. Why are you telling readers that they are deleting a certificate? Aren't you deleting all certificates in that secret? Can you be more accurate? I'm a bit concerned that I might be missing some nuance here.
```suggestion
we delete the certificates we recently configured and verify that Istio regenerates them automatically.
```

Author: Deleting the secret is to delete the certificate. The text has been revised according to the suggestion.

> it can be automatically regenerated.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
```

Author: Revised accordingly.

> 1.  Delete a DNS certificate in the example configuration:

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
1.  Delete the secret storing the DNS certificate configured earlier:
```

Author: Revised accordingly.

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl delete secret dns.istio-galley-service-account -n istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

> 1.  Check that the DNS certificate deleted has been regenerated and contains the DNS names in the configuration:

Reviewer 6: Once more, please consider being upfront with readers about the tasks involved.
```suggestion
1.  To check that Istio regenerated the deleted DNS certificates, and that the certificate contains the configured DNS names, we need to get the secret from Kubernetes, parse it, decode it, and apply the key to see the text output with the following  commands:
```

Author: Revised accordingly.

    {{< text bash >}}

>     $ kubectl get secret dns.istio-galley-service-account -n istio-system -o json | jq -r '.data["cert-chain.pem"]' | base64 --decode | openssl x509 -in - -text -noout

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
    $ kubectl get secret dns.istio-galley-service-account -n istio-system -o json
    $ jq -r '.data["cert-chain.pem"]'
    $ base64 --decode
    $ openssl x509 -in - -text -noout
```

Author: The suggested 4 commands won't work. The pipe operation is commonly used in shell command. The command in the guide needs the pipe operation to pass the output from one command to another. In addition, copy-and-paste four commands is not as easy as copy-and-paste one command.

    {{< /text >}}

> The output from the above command should include:

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
The output should include:
```

Author: Revised accordingly.

    {{< text plain >}}
    X509v3 Subject Alternative Name:
      DNS:istio-galley.istio-system.svc, DNS:istio-galley.istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

> **Congratulations!** You successfully configured Istio to manage DNS certificates.

Reviewer 6: Either make congratulations its own heading or leave the text out completely. The issue is that the congratulatory text doesn't match what the reader did on that section of the task.

```suggestion
## Congratulations!

You successfully configured Istio to manage DNS certificates.
```

Author: Revised accordingly.
